[Flyout system] Update consumer and developer documentation (#9101)
elastic/eui: packages/website/docs/components/containers/flyout/session-management.mdx

                </EuiText>
                <EuiSpacer />
                <EuiText>Try out the Back button to transition back to Flyout A ➡️</EuiText>
                <EuiSpacer />
                <EuiButton onClick={() => { setIsOpenFlyoutB(false); setIsOpenFlyoutA(false); }}>Close all</EuiButton>
              </EuiFlyoutBody>
            </EuiFlyout>
          )}
        </EuiFlyout>
      )}
    </>
  );
};
```

## Sessions

The `session` prop is the key ingredient needed to create managed flyouts.
When set to `true`, it activates the underlying flyout session management logic
which handles virtually everything you need to create multi-flyout user flows
including side-by-side flyouts and flyout stacks with history support.

Managed flyouts work seamlessly with other managed and unmanaged (regular)
flyouts across the application, so you can begin integrating them without worry
about compatibility issues.

Each time you set `session={true}`, you create a new flyout session and mark
the rendered flyout as [main](#main-flyouts).
To create a [child flyout](#child-flyouts) - a flyout that belongs to the same

> session as the main flyout - you simply render it inside the main flyout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
session as the main flyout - you can set `session="inherit"` or omit the `session` prop entirely
when rendering the flyout inside the main flyout, as "inherit" is the default behavior.
```

  <EuiFlyoutBody>
    I'm the main flyout
  </EuiFlyoutBody>
  {/* Render a new child flyout - notice the lack of the `session` prop */}
  <EuiFlyout>
    I'm the child flyout that belongs to the same session as the main flyout
  </EuiFlyout>
</EuiFlyout>
```

## Types of managed flyouts

While users of managed flyouts don't need to think about the types
of managed flyouts or the internals behind them, it's beneficial to understand
what differentiates the two types - _main_ and _child_.

### Main flyouts

Main flyouts are the backbone of EuiFlyout's session management. Each flyout
with `session={true}` prop creates a new session and becomes the main flyout
in that session. They're included in the history and can be jumped back to
using the history popover.

Main flyouts are meant to display primary level information like the overview
of an alert.

### Child flyouts

Child flyouts are directly related to a main flyout in their session.
They're created by rendering a `EuiFlyout` **without the session prop** inside
a [main flyout](#main-flyouts) - a flyout with `session={true}` prop set.

They're meant to display secondary level information like the alert visualization.

> Child flyouts accept an optional `backgroundStyle` prop that lets you change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Child flyouts accept an optional `childBackgroundShaded` boolean prop that lets you change
```
